Add documentation around the GPL license and implications for contribution (#1776)
WordPress/wordpress-playground: packages/docs/site/docs/main/contributing/index.md

-   Code contributors should review the [coding principles](./coding-standards.md).
-   You maintain copyright over any contribution you make. By submitting a Pull Request, you agree to release that code under [WordPress Playground License](https://github.com/WordPress/wordpress-playground?tab=GPL-2.0-1-ov-file#readme).

> ## Triaging issues

Reviewer: Good catch!

Triaging issues was rendered as `h1`.

<img width="477" alt="Screenshot 2024-09-17 at 11 26 26" src="https://github.com/user-attachments/assets/873f5d17-e28f-4a50-a09e-d8b1ec15ecbd">

Want to help sort through open issues and resolve potential bugs? Here's how:

1. Review the [list of open issues](https://github.com/WordPress/wordpress-playground/issues?q=is%3Aopen+is%3Aissue) and find the ones that you can help with. Same goes for the [Plaground Tools repository](https://github.com/WordPress/playground-tools/issues?q=is%3Aopen+is%3Aissue).
2. Read through the description and comments.
3. If it's a bug you can reproduce, add a descriptive comment or a potential fix.
4. Otherwise, add a comment with any additional information that may be helpful.

## A note on contributing and the GPL license

> Playground and the WordPress project are strongly rooted in free and open source software. Specifically, Playground is licenced under GPLv2 (or later) from the [Free Software Foundation](https://www.fsf.org/). You can [read the text of the license here](https://www.gnu.org/licenses/old-licenses/gpl-2.0.en.html).

Reviewer: I've observed that we use these links on https://github.com/WordPress/wordpress.org/blob/d0be83a7f18dcf15c438cf30425e49eb332b3041/wordpress.org/public_html/wp-content/themes/pub/wporg-main/page-about-license.php#L43

@n8finch,  What do you think if we replace the GPL license link to the version hosted in our repository?

```suggestion
Playground and the WordPress project are strongly rooted in free and open source software. Specifically, Playground is licenced under GPLv2 (or later) from the [Free Software Foundation](https://www.fsf.org/). You can [read the text of the license here](https://github.com/WordPress/wordpress-playground/blob/trunk/LICENSE).
```

Author: Good idea @sejas , added it 👍

> Playground and the WordPress project are strongly rooted in free and open source software. Specifically, Playground is licenced under GPLv2 (or later) from the [Free Software Foundation](https://www.fsf.org/). You can [read the text of the license here](https://github.com/WordPress/wordpress-playground/blob/trunk/LICENSE).

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
WordPress Playground and the WordPress project are strongly rooted in free and open source software. Specifically, WordPress Playground is licenced under GPLv2 (or later) from the [Free Software Foundation](https://www.fsf.org/). You can [read the text of the license here](https://github.com/WordPress/wordpress-playground/blob/trunk/LICENSE) and if that feels overwhelming, WordPress.org has a [friendly GPL Primer](https://make.wordpress.org/community/handbook/wordcamp-organizer/planning-details/gpl-primer/).
```

As such, please be aware of the implications your contributions will fall under:

> -   When you contribute, your contributions are licensed under GPL

Reviewer 2: Let's phrase it more in terms of intent than as something that just happens:

```suggestion
-   When you contribute, you agree to license your contributions under the GPLv2 (or later) license
```
